---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "streamnative_pulsar_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-streamnative"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# streamnative_pulsar_cluster (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The pulsar cluster name
- `organization` (String) The organization name

### Read-Only

- `bookie_replicas` (Number) The number of bookie replicas
- `bookkeeper_version` (String) The version of the bookkeeper cluster
- `broker_replicas` (Number) The number of broker replicas
- `compute_unit` (Number, Deprecated) compute unit per broker, 1 compute unit is 2 cpu and 8gb memory
- `compute_unit_per_broker` (Number) compute unit per broker, 1 compute unit is 2 cpu and 8gb memory
- `config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `http_tls_service_url` (String) The service url of the pulsar cluster, use it to management the pulsar cluster.
- `http_tls_service_urls` (List of String) The service url of the pulsar cluster, use it to management the pulsar cluster. There'll be multiple service urls if the cluster attached with multiple gateways
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instance_name` (String) The pulsar instance name
- `kafka_service_url` (String) If you want to connect to the pulsar cluster using the kafka protocol, use this kafka service url.
- `kafka_service_urls` (List of String) If you want to connect to the pulsar cluster using the kafka protocol, use this kafka service url. There'll be multiple service urls if the cluster attached with multiple gateways
- `location` (String) The location of the pulsar cluster, supported location https://docs.streamnative.io/docs/cluster#cluster-location
- `mqtt_service_url` (String) If you want to connect to the pulsar cluster using the mqtt protocol, use this mqtt service url.
- `mqtt_service_urls` (List of String) If you want to connect to the pulsar cluster using the mqtt protocol, use this mqtt service url.  There'll be multiple service urls if the cluster attached with multiple gateways
- `pulsar_tls_service_url` (String) The service url of the pulsar cluster, use it to produce and consume message.
- `pulsar_tls_service_urls` (List of String) The service url of the pulsar cluster, use it to produce and consume message. There'll be multiple service urls if the cluster attached with multiple gateways
- `pulsar_version` (String) The version of the pulsar cluster
- `ready` (String) Pulsar cluster is ready, it will be set to 'True' after the cluster is ready
- `release_channel` (String) The release channel of the pulsar cluster subscribe to, it must to be lts or rapid, default rapid
- `storage_unit` (Number, Deprecated) storage unit per bookie, 1 storage unit is 2 cpu and 8gb memory
- `type` (String) The streamnative cloud instance type, supporting 'serverless', 'dedicated', 'byoc' and 'byoc-pro'
- `websocket_service_url` (String) If you want to connect to the pulsar cluster using the websocket protocol, use this websocket service url.
- `websocket_service_urls` (List of String) If you want to connect to the pulsar cluster using the websocket protocol, use this websocket service url. There'll be multiple service urls if the cluster attached with multiple gateways

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `audit_log` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--audit_log))
- `custom` (Map of String)
- `function_enabled` (Boolean)
- `lakehouse_storage` (Map of String)
- `protocols` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--config--protocols))
- `transaction_enabled` (Boolean)
- `websocket_enabled` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedobjatt--config--audit_log"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.audit_log`

Read-Only:

- `categories` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--config--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.protocols`

Read-Only:

- `kafka` (Map of String)
- `mqtt` (Map of String)
